# RecipeApp
For anyone to run the software you will have to follow the following steps. First, if you have to compile and run this software make sure that you have the suitable application which is Visual studio community.
To begin the process of running the software, launch Visual Studio from your start menu or desktop. Create a new project by selecting the option to do so and choose “WPF Application".  And then press next to process to the next step. Configure your project by naming it RecipeApp and choosing a location to save it, then click "Create." Once the project is created, replace the auto-generated XAML and C# code with the code you have. You can locate the relevant files—MainWindow.xaml, MainWindow.xaml.cs, AddRecipeWindow.xaml, ViewRecipesWindow.xaml, and ScaleRecipeWindow.xaml—in the Solution Explorer on the right side of the Visual Studio window. To add new windows to your project, right-click the project in the Solution Explorer, then select Add > New Item. Choose WPF > Window (WPF) and name it as AddRecipeWindow.xaml, ViewRecipesWindow.xaml, or ScaleRecipeWindow.xaml, this should align according to which code you will be pasting that time. then click Add. Repeat this process for each additional window. Next, copy the XAML and C# code for each window into the corresponding files.
To run your application, click the Start button (a green arrow) at the top of the screen or press F5. And then a screen With Five tabs will pop up.
By following all these steps, you will then be able to compile and run the software without facing any errors along the process.

